Yuji.
You are very strong,
so go help others.
EPISODE 41: THUNDERBOLT PART 2
23:05 DAOGENZAKA,
BEFORE SHIBUYA 109
My Ten Shadows Technique...
...can only get two Divine Dogs at first.
If I want to use other Shikigami,
I must figure out how to tame them.
I can only acquire all ten Shikigami
by increasing the amount...
...while taming them.
Are you finished?
Like the girl just now,
you are very young,
yet very strong.
You're seriously injured, yet you
managed not to let me get close.
But from the way you're bleeding,
even if I don't do anything...
The so-called taming...
...can also be conducted
by multiple people together.
However, a taming carried out by multiple
people will become invalid afterward.
In other words, for the sorcerer,
this ritual is meaningless.
But,
even if it's meaningless,
it still can be useful.
Who's there making such a fuss?
I haven't finished yet.
So, although the Shikigami can
only be used after being tamed,
if it's for the sake of taming,
I can summon them anytime.
Could it be...
Among the generations of sorcerers,
not a single person
has been able to tame this one.
Do you know why the Gojo family
and the Zenin family don't get along?
Were they never close,
to begin with?
Right, we can't get along at all.
It was in the Edo period,
or maybe the Keicho era.
I forgot.
But the leaders of both sides
had a duel in a head-to-head contest.
Both died in the end.
The leader at that time was...
Just like me.
He had Six Eyes and
limitless cursed technique user.
By the way, the technique
of the other side was the same as yours.
Ten Shadows Technique.
You know what I'm trying to say, right?
Even so,
I still can't become a sorcerer
who can defeat you.
The leader at that time
must have used it like this too.
Furube,
Yurayura.
Lord Sukuna.
I have urgent matters.
I see.
I will soon regain my freedom.
Do not neglect preparation.
See you later, Uraume.
Yes.
I am always waiting for your return.
I've been tricked.
It's a ritual.
He started a ritual
and forced me to take part!
Eight-Handled Sword,
Divergent Sila Divine General,
Mahoraga.
See you later.
Okay.
Sorry, Itadori.
Hey, jerk.
I'm going to die first.
So good luck.
Hold on...
What kind of joke is this?!
Damn it.
Get up, you damn sorcerer!
The technique of curse user Haruta Shigemo
is to erase the tiny miracles
in daily life from memory
and store them.
The stored miracles will manifest
as patterns around his eyes
and be released in a critical situation.
But he does not know this.
Is he in suspended animation?
I see.
It seems I did right by saving this trash.
Fushiguro probably wanted to die with him,
so he got him into the exorcism ritual.
Once he dies, the ritual will end.
And Megumi Fushiguro will also die.
You can't die.
I still have work for you.
U-Umm...
Shut up.
In order to save Megumi Fushiguro's life,
the Shikigami must be taken
down by me, an outsider.
Make it appear as if
the exorcism ritual never happened.
Then let me...
...have a taste.
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2
\"Dismantle.\"
That sword...
A specialized sword for cursed spirits.
The Sword of Extermination, huh?
It's like the reverse cursed technique
and carries positive energy.
If I were a cursed spirit,
I would have vanished
with the first strike.
Tastes terrible.
Come on!
What did you do?
That was a strange response.
Again?
Cursed energy?
You're really something.
You can see...
...my technique, right?
As expected,
it's something similar
to Yamata no Orochi.
It saw through my slash
and attacked me with cursed energy.
Both happened after
that magic circle rotated.
Furu's Incantation
and that magic circle
represent a complete cycle and harmony.
From this, I infer that
the Shikigami's ability is...
...able to adapt to all phenomena.
Kind of like a late throw-in
rock-paper-scissors!
If it were me back then,
perhaps I would have
already been defeated.
Megumi Fushiguro,
you've fascinated me.
Domain Expansion.
Malevolent Shrine.
Sukuna's Domain...
...\"Malevolent Shrine.\"
It's unlike other domains.
It does not create
a separate space with a barrier
or close the barrier, but makes
the Innate Domain visible.
It's like not using a canvas,
but rather painting directly in the sky.
A truly divine technique.
Besides, with Binding Vow on the escape
route for the opponent,
it increases the range of guaranteed hits
to a maximum radius of 200 meters.
Considering the effect would
affect Megumi Fushiguro,
Sukuna has reduced the range
to a radius of 140 meters on the ground.
How is it?
No, no signal.
Me either.
But I don't think we need to be worried.
We have the megaphone guy, right?
Sukuna's slash attack has two types.
Within the guaranteed hit range,
\"Cleave\" is used against those
with cursed energy,
while \"Dismantle\" is used against those
without cursed energy.
Before \"Malevolent Shrine\" disappears,
there will be an endless
series of attacks.
This is the only way to break Mahoraga.
Use a technique to the opponent
and kill him before he can adapt.
\"Cleave\" fits this requirement.
But if he adapts to the act of \"slash,\"
instead of \"Dismantle,\"
it will be a different story.
The regeneration of Mahoraga
is about to end.
\"Open.\"
What are you looking at?
Get lost.
Well... I'll excuse myself then.
I'm indeed very lucky!
Today,
I've escaped death again...!
The miracles Shigemo stored
have been run out during
his battle with Kento Nanami.
It's almost time.
Fushiguro!
I just saw Itadori for a moment.
No...
23:14 DAOGENZAKA,
Was it Sukuna?
BEFORE SHIBUYA 109
Kid.
You just savor it.
Die...
Only I should die...!
Die!
Die now!
I have to go.
I must fight.
If this continues...
JUJUTSU KAISEN SEASON 2: SHIBUYA INCIDENT
I'm nothing but a murderer.
Things are getting out of hand!
Let's count to calm down.
One... two... three... nine.
Five, seven.
Next Episode: \"Right and Wrong.\"
NEXT EPISODE: RIGHT AND WRONG
If you don't watch,
I'll turn into a polar bear!
NEXT EPISODE: RIGHT AND WRONG
Have you turned out to be a beast?